docs: fix typos (#2815)
freifunk-gluon/gluon: docs/features/vpn.rst

"""""""""""""""""""

From the site configuration, fastd can be allowed to offer

> togglable encryption in the config mode with the intent to

Reviewer: Toggleable/togglable is not a word with formal spelling. Once that changes, we can swap them; for now they are both equally right.

```suggestion
togglable encryption in the config mode with the intent to
```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
encryption which can be toggled in the config mode with the intent to
```

Reviewer: I feel like this already is precise, does not need changing and therefore should not; but maybe others differ.
